Add detail to the project README (#4)
tobyhodges/github-skillup-2025-05-09-ErinBecker: README.md

Generated from [_crispy-doodle_](https://github.com/carpentries/crispy-doodle).

## Contact

> If you have questions about the project, please open an issue or [contact the author](mailto:example@example.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have questions about the project, please open an issue or [contact the author](mailto:tobyhodges@carpentry.com).
```
